# 4454 Robot Code for 2019 game

### Who is 4454?

See https://www.thebluealliance.com/team/4454

## What is this?

This is the offical repository for 4454's robot "Ellie the Elephant bot." Code is fully commented this year for use for future/current 
members of our team.

## File Structure
for what we care about

```
frc_2019
  /src
    /main
      /java
        /frc
          /robot
            Main.java
            Robot.java
            GripPipeline.java
            
```

## File Overview

### Main.java

Nothing really happens here... Just WPILib required stuff. In other words, do not touch!

### Robot.java

Where the magic happens!

`controlLoop()`: This code is where all of the code required for teleop is located.

`teleopPeriodic()`: When robot is in periodic mode this code is run in a constant loop until disabled.

`autonomousPeriodic()`: See `teleopPeriodic()`

`driveRobot()`: This code contains all the logic required to drive the robot!

`gearShift()`: Checks what gear the robot should be in based on button presses.

`getDrivePowerScale()`: Checks based on trigger presses what speed the robot should go in.

`runForebar()`: Runs the 4bar mech we had this year.

`setArmPiston(boolean state)`: Code for arm to see if it should be open or closed based on `state` boolean.

`setArmMotors(boolean in, boolean out)`: Code for running arm motors based on `in` and `out` booleans.

`setClimber(boolean front, boolean back)`: Sets state of climber pistons based on `front` and `back` booleans.

`runElevator()`: Runs elevator motors.

`displayShuffleboard()`: Puts debugging things on the shuffleboard (smart dashboard).

`autoAlign()`: Auton that lines up robot to goal when button is pressed based on vision code. See `GripPipeline.java`.

`elevatorHeights()`: Auton for setting what height of the elevator the robot should be.

`forebarAngles()`: Auton for setting 4bar angle.

`isPOVup(Joystick joystick)`: Sees if POV control of `joystick` is pointing up.

`isPOVdown(Joystick joystick)`: Sees if POV control of `joystick` is pointing down.

`isPOVleft(Joystick joystick)`: Sees if POV control of `joystick` is pointing left.

`isPOVright(Joystick joystick)`: Sees if POV control of `joystick` is pointing right.

`calculateTotalHeight(double arm_angle)` Calculates height of 4bar (used to be called arm) based on its angle ( `arm_angle` ).

`pidWrite(double output)`: See `autoAlign()`.

### GripPipeline.java

Code generated by GRIP. See https://wpilib.screenstepslive.com/s/currentCS/m/vision/l/672730-generating-code-from-grip
